took the live kayak cup wake up the
crack of dawn masturbate i wake wendell
up on the top bunk then we go in the
water and service injustice
well I met Wendell from control and I
see a Juggalo character up and gasoline
under one of my bridges whoa got him in
a figure four leglock
using this mine
well when my wife Nancy left me and took
the boys spending a lot of money on cash
for life tickets the lotto a scratch
game
and sure enough I won and I've basically
been funding our vigilante crime force
with those thousand dollar a week checks
we're in kayaks that's right we're not
going anywhere unless this crime where
we're going and then we'll be going
right there we'll be going to that crime
place another beauty day on the creek
very peaceful very nice but the fact is
still waters run deep deep of crime
makes me see a lot of people don't know
this they think that's just crave fish
in this Creek but the fact of the matter
is there's a lot of great people here
too and there's only two people here
that know how to deal we got Rick how's
it go what's all this here beautiful day
for a hike eh
so you got some kayaks there it's a
hilarious police stickers on them too
great so sorry sound wasted pal drunk no
not uh peach schnapps no sir whoa freeze
dirtbag
you okay Oh fill the glass just a flesh
wound
he's mine
Oh
so we're doing a little creak creak
justice bitch wakey-wakey hipster why am
I here guys
oh well let's see here public
intoxication
boo you guys are drinking to Grand Theft
Auto transit auto it's a kayak
that's not current that's Auto number
three Canadian can you please let me go
these coasts another thing too I got
your wallet are your pocket
Oh hope you don't mind I need the pin
number we need to pay your fine
what's the pin number pin number
no is it your address you can just guess
silly is adria little pin put this guy
in Indian sunburn it's had enough oh
that is the nope alright Christ you love
it can you let me go please
it'd be great good what what is
happening